README.md, before:

# [Jekyll Starter Kit](https://buckymaler.github.io/jekyll-starter-kit)

Ground zero for your next Jekyll website.

  - Sass is transpiled, autoprefixed, and minified
  - JavaScript is hinted, concatenated, and uglified
  - Images are optimized
  - Production files are updated on save and the browser will refresh automagically

## Getting started

  - clone the repo
  - `npm install -g gulp`
  - `npm install`
  - `gulp`
  - Live [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

## Available commands

  - `gulp` compile all src to site, watch files, and auto refresh
  - `gulp clean` wipe out site/assets entirely

## Publishing

  - Disconnect your local repo from this one with `git remote remove origin`
  - `hub create`
  - add, commit, and push

## Sass organization

  The Sass is organized following [SMACSS](https://smacss.com) (Scalable & Modular Architecture for CSS) conventions.

## Credits

  - [DevTips Starter Kit](https://github.com/DevTips/DevTips-Starter-Kit) visual design heavily influenced the Jekyll Starter Kit visual design

## Misc:

  - Follow Bucky: [Twitter](https://twitter.com/BuckyMaler), [GitHub](https://github.com/BuckyMaler)

Commit message:

Added proper Jekyll logo attribution

README.md, after:

# [Jekyll Starter Kit](https://buckymaler.github.io/jekyll-starter-kit)

Ground zero for your next Jekyll website.

  - Sass is transpiled, autoprefixed, and minified
  - JavaScript is hinted, concatenated, and uglified
  - Images are optimized
  - Production files are updated on save and the browser will refresh automagically

## Getting started

  - clone the repo
  - `npm install -g gulp`
  - `npm install`
  - `gulp`
  - Live [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

## Available commands

  - `gulp` compile all src to site, watch files, and auto refresh
  - `gulp clean` wipe out site/assets entirely

## Publishing

  - Disconnect your local repo from this one with `git remote remove origin`
  - `hub create`
  - add, commit, and push

## Sass organization

  The Sass is organized following [SMACSS](https://smacss.com) (Scalable & Modular Architecture for CSS) conventions.

## Credits

  - [Jekyll's logo](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) which has been modified to an all white fill
  - [DevTips Starter Kit](https://github.com/DevTips/DevTips-Starter-Kit) visual design heavily influenced the Jekyll Starter Kit visual design

## Misc:

  - Follow Bucky: [Twitter](https://twitter.com/BuckyMaler), [GitHub](https://github.com/BuckyMaler)
